[Draft] Internship Cover Letter
Oct 17, 2003


To Whom It May Concern,

My name is Thea Kowalski, and I am applying for the winter internship at the Hatton-McFarland Group. I am currently a first-year student majoring in Business Management at Lakeview University, and I believe I am the most qualified candidate for this position.

Throughout my university career, business management has been a close passion of mine, and I hope to bring that passion to Hatton-McFarland in my position. Business management is a dynamic and essential aspect of the economy that I find thrilling in how we provide leadership and vision to areas such as marketing, finance, and human relations. I believe that it is a valuable and important career that will make me a lot of money even though I FUCKING HATE BUSINESS MANAGEMENT BUT ITS THE ONLY WAY THAT I CAN FUCKING SUPPORT MYSELF SAM MOM DAD EVERYONE ELSE IN MY LIFE

I cant do anything that i really want to do, i have to study day and night to finish this stupid degree that will supposedly be stable and well-paying and not have to worry so much about money. I have to keep working hard and studying hard to finish this degree because otherwise what’s the point? If i fail, i wouldve wasted three years of my life and thousands of my parents money. I would be such a waste to everyone in my life for not being able to do the one thing that wouldve helped my parents and supported Sam in our relationship

BUT WHO THE FUCK AM I KIDDING?  I cant tell anybody otherwise i would be complaining and Sam would get angry and frustrated at me all over again. I remember when I was a kid wanting to be a famous PIANIST  and i thought it would be so easy, but even i realize that my arthritis makes it nearly impossible to play and my singing is total dogshit. and besides, who gives a shit about my crappy lyrics. Sam doesnt think my music is worth anything, and things get so fucked up whenever we have an argument about it. i always end up having to make sure  that I always do whats best for our relationship.

I just fucking wish that I cou